Add info bounty proposals (#5558)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-guides-bounties.md

## Assign a Curator to a Bounty

:::info

The curator assignment call can only be executed successfully if the original bounty proposal

> funding has been executed and a new spending period has not begun. Proposers need to ensure they

Reviewer: "has begun" or "has not begun"? The followup statement seems to suggest otherwise.

calculate a time further past the new spending period for the execution of their curator assignment

> call. Suppose your bounty has been awarded and gets funded at the end of the current spending

Reviewer: Aren't all approved bounties funded at the end of the spending period during which they got approved?

> period. In that case, you need to make sure that if the curator assignment ends before the end of

Reviewer: "Curator assignment ends"  - do you mean "Curator assignment referenda" is approved before the end of the spend period and the enactment of the call needs to happen after?

[Bounties page](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/bounties). Only after the curators claim their
candidacy the bounty will show as "active" on the main Bounty page.

> :::info Curator assignment must execute after bounty funding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Curator assignment call must be executed after bounty is funded
```

> Curator assignment must take place after the bounty has been funded, and approved bounties can only

Reviewer: "can only be funded"  or "are only funded"?

Also, at the beginning of next paragraph, you mention that they are funded (through the treasury) at the end of current spending period, where as here you mention they "can be funded after a spend period has been completed".

We may have to rephrase that

Author: changed

be funded after a spend period has been completed. A curator assignment referendum cannot be

> executed during the same spend period as the bounty funding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
executed during the same spend period when the bounty is funded.
```

> If your bounty has been awarded, it will be funded at the end of the current spending period. You

Reviewer: This first sentence will be unnecessary, if it is clarified already before.

Author: deleted

> need to make sure that if the curator assignment referendum ends before the end of the spending
> period, the enactment of the curator assignment referendum will take place in the next spending
> period (you can set a delay in
> [Polkadot-JS](./learn-guides-polkadot-opengov.md#submitting-a-proposal) when you submit the
> proposal).

Reviewer: rephrased a bit. 

```suggestion
need to make sure that the curator assignment referendum gets enacted in the subsequent spending
period (you can set a delay in
[Polkadot-JS](./learn-guides-polkadot-opengov.md#submitting-a-proposal) when you submit the
proposal during the current spend period).

```
